In his eagerness to show how well things
were in Venezuela, he composed a song
that later became popular, where he himself
said that Venezuela is not what the networks tell you.
Venezuela is not what the networks tell you,
here there is a lot of peace and a very happy people.
According to Michelo, for having made this
song and having gone viral, censorship
reached him and they closed his account.
Friends, TikTok closed my
secondary account for making videos about
Venezuela
is not what people tell you.
Look at the status of the account. Your account has been
permanently blocked. I don't know what
you think, but I personally
have my doubts that TikTok closed his
account. That's why, unless it was due to
excessive cringe, in fact, Michelo, on a
television show with Maduro,
went with his tail between his legs to
tell him that Tit had removed the
account because this song is a song about
Venezuela, no. In other words, one more arrived, another one
also cco, in other words,
the algorithm was breaking and they blocked my
account for a song, that is,
Venezuela is not what the networks tell you.